About the job
Position: Full Stack Developer

Reports to: Group IT Manager

Location: London/Home



Purpose of the Role:



Support all departments in accessing data and building relevant dashboards to support decision-making and reporting to internal and external stakeholders.
Designing and developing custom solutions based on business requirements.


Job Function:



Design, implement, and develop dashboards, reports, and KPI scorecards using Power BI and other similar data analysis/data science tools.
Ensure technical data integrity, from data improvement to data quality assurance.
Quality criteria for data and verify data conforms to the quality criteria specified.
Consolidate Ultima’s data with the overall vision to design solutions for the whole company as standard data solutions.
Understand how to transform data and meta-data in information, knowledge, and experience based on data analysis techniques is a plus.
Ensure compliance with statutory data reporting obligations, data trades, and partner distributions.
Coordinate designing and developing custom SharePoint and PowerBI solutions based on business requirements.
Collaborate with other departments to ensure solutions meet business needs by following a clear scope of requirements.
Knowledge of the Oil and Gas industry is a plus but not necessary.


Key Working Relations:



All divisions and sites, both onshore and offshore. Support to All Ultima, subsidiaries, affiliates, and headquarters.


Behavioral skills:



Self-learning capacity.
Strong analytical, diagnostic, and problem-solving skills.
Good communication ability, both written and verbal.
Demonstrates initiative and anticipates needs.
Data-driven.
Willingness to undertake any other tasks as requested.


Qualification & Experience:


Undergraduate diploma (Degree in computer science or related field is preferable)
Fluent in English
2-5 years of experience as a full stack developer with relevant examples.
Knowledge of Github (Version control) and deployment over azure environment is a plus.
Strong experience in coding: data preparation, formatting, and data visualization
Knowledge of web programming such as Python, Java Script, and html.
Strong knowledge of low-coding app solutions such as PowerBI, Power query, Power Platform Automates and SharePoint sites.
Strong database background experience (SQL requests, Knowledge of Microsoft SQL server is a plus)
Experience with relational and no relational databases.
Knowledge of technical data management standards, along with data security.


Change



The above list is not exhaustive, and the Company reserves the right to amend or change the above responsibilities to enable business needs to be met.